{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh14120\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # READ ME\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We predicted Red List category for each criterion using ordinal regression models (see Methods). \
LC species were considered LC under every criterion, as recommended by the Red List assessment process. \
\
The table includes the following columns: \
	- Family: species family after taxonomic corrections (see Methods). \
	- Species: species scientific name after taxonomic corrections (see Methods). \
	- RedList_category: Red List \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
category in the last published assessment.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	- Criterion_blind_predicted: Predicted \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Red List category when actual Red List category is used \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 as  response variable and contrasted to a set of extinction predictors (as is the case in classical extinction risk analysis). \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	- A1: \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
category met under criterion A1 in the last published assessment.\
 	\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 - A2: \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
category met under criterion A2 in the last published assessment.\
	- A2_predicted\'a0: category that our criterion-specific model predicted for the criterion A2.\
	- A3: category met under criterion A3 in the last published assessment.\
	- A3_predicted\'a0: category that our criterion-specific model predicted for the criterion A3.	- A4: category met under criterion A4 in the last published assessment.\
	- A4_predicted\'a0: category that our criterion-specific model predicted for the criterion A4.\
	- B1: category met under criterion B1 in the last published assessment.\
	- B1_predicted\'a0: category that our criterion-specific model predicted for the criterion B1.\
	- B2: category met under criterion B2 in the last published assessment.\
	- B2_predicted\'a0: category that our criterion-specific model predicted for the criterion B2\
	- C1: category met under criterion C1 in the last published assessment.\
	- C1_predicted\'a0: category that our criterion-specific model predicted for the criterion C1.\
	- C2: category met under criterion C2 in the last published assessment.\
	- C2_predicted\'a0: category that our criterion-specific model predicted for the criterion C2.\
	- D1: category met under criterion D1 in the last published assessment.\
	- D1_predicted\'a0: category that our criterion-specific model predicted for the criterion D1.	- D2: category met under criterion D2 in the last published assessment.\
	- D2_predicted\'a0: category that our criterion-specific model predicted for the criterion D2.\
	- Criterion_spe_combined: final category based on the highest predicted extinction risk among each criterion-specific model (i.e., threatened if at least one of the criteria was predicted to be triggered) as done during Red List assessments. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}